Atheism is a non-prophet organization
I was up all night wondering where the sun went, but then it dawned on me
I'm thinking of reasons to go to Switzerland. The flag is a big plus
I was wondering why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me
Why can't you play poker on the African Savanna? There's too many cheetahs
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Look for fresh prints
I was up all night wondering where the sun went, but then it dawned on me
My wife told me I ruined her birthday, that\'s ridiculous, I didn't know it was her birthday
I was told yoga helps with positivity, that's a bit of a stretch
My wife asked me to stop singing 'Wonderwall' to her. I said maybe.
Are you feeling cold? Sit in the corner, it is 90 degrees.
My dream job would be to clean mirrors. I could really see myself doing that.
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said “parking fine.”
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows.
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
A police officer tried to arrest me for plagiarising all of wikipedia. I told them to wait as I can explain everything.
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
Not to brag, but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. "Sure," I said. "My door is always open."
I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. "No," I said. "It's to look at."
My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don't believe him, but that's his story, and he's sticking to it.
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.